hello families good afternoon how are you
good afternoon good evening good morning I do
n't know what time you'll be watching this
video but it's a pleasure to be here with
you one more day first of all
I hope you're recovering from the
great video that brought you yesterday and well
if for whatever reason you're
watching this video it's because youtube
brought you here things from youtube if you don't
know what you're about to watch is a
second part of a docuseries that I
'm making about jesulín and belen
esteban so if you want to watch this
video I recommend that you watch the
first part first okay in the afternoon leaving it
in the pinned comment or
up here on the cards
the thing is that it's been very well
received the truth is that you've received it
with a lot of affection I wanted to
thank you all I
also wanted to thank my editor who does a
brutal job I
also wanted to thank the person who helps me with the
whole compilation and has also
warned that with this thing that it was
starting to be a docuseries you're
sending me so many things that I'm
even considering doing one  third
part for now what is the docushare
since I had planned to be it is going to
stay in this second part has already
opened that this video leaves them in
diapers to the first part and that if you
found the first part strong and good
is that you are going to see today because it is going to be
that you pull the hair of your
most intimate parts the point is that I
wanted to thank you all for the support thank you very much
to all if you did not know me because
I am Sabi Oliveira welcome to my channel
support me a lot by subscribing
giving me a like to the video and commenting in the
comment box as it could not be
otherwise your opinion I want that
as we see the information
that I am giving you, you comment
also I wanted to thank how super
funny it is a function that
youtube has so that you make a contribution of
support to this channel and also to say that for
each super thanks that you send me you
can put whatever you want you can
ask me whatever you want that I
will be
answering you personally for each super thanks I took the
time that I have to take okay but
each super thanks super  you're welcome and well
let's continue with this second part of
the domus series the story of jesulín
and belén esteban I know that there are surely
so many things that we will be
leaving some and the thing is that we have
tried to collect and compact the
strong the most powerful I know that there are many
other details that deserve a third
video but for now I want you to pay
close attention to everything that I'm going to tell you in
this in the first part in addition to the whole
context of how the story
of the princess of the people came about we were
seeing the brutal change that she had from being
a shy humble girl from the neighborhood who did
not want to talk to the press, much
less tell them things about her private life to
being on the sets being a
somewhat vulgar person who dedicated herself to
pressuring her ex on all the
television sets and all the covers of
magazines to demand what she
considered to be the rights of her daughter which
included in addition to maintenance
some other house or chalet or some
other property you know things about the
rich the point is that she became very
famous and a millionaire today in
fact one of the most
characteristic characters  from Spain and most
popular for many years in fact
on Google she was one of the most
searched names being in one of the
highest positions in the ranking she has
even starred in a
documentary about her life that premiered
with many famous guests in an
exclusive movie theater at the Cines
Callados near the Gran Via in Madrid
today apart from being a
businesswoman she collaborates on television she has
made many cameos in films in the
most famous series in the country and she has her
own company her own brand of
food products where she sells
food products with her face
packets of potatoes oils salmorejo
even creams in the first part we
stay in that moment of her life and
the life of Jesulín de Ubrique in which
María José Campanario arrived on the scene who
today is the mother of three
children of Jesulín Jesulín has four
children the first she had with Belén
Esteban and the other three that she has had
with her marriage since then who to
this day are still together and very close
by the way María José Campanario during
all these years Belén  Esteban has not
held back in having an
open war with Maria Jose to the point that
several insinuations and
insults have been exchanged but of course especially on the
part of Belén Esteban who also starts
a war with her as if having been
with Jesulín gave her the right to have an
opinion on each of the
couples that Jesulín will start to be able to
judge what the worst thing about the woman is
and I know that it will not be because I know him
because in the end it turned out that Belén
Esteban did not know Jesulín as well and
perhaps she knew the young and
immature Jesulín who had a little bit of a
crazy leader but not the mature Jesulín
who has been with his wife for two decades and in
fact they just had a child a few
months ago Jesús Janeiro had suffered a
very serious accident that was very loud
in the media a
traffic accident that almost cost him his
life in 2001 kept him hospitalized for a
long time with risk of death and
María José Campanario according to many
media outlets at the time was one of the
nurses  who cared for Jesulín
while he was in the hospital there they
fell in love and began a relationship
but this story that I just
told you is not true this is a
story that I don't know where they got it from I don't
even think it's similar to the
real one but to this day they keep repeating
it let's see if there's anything wrong with it
the story is there but it's not real she
was very different from Belén Esteban because
while Belén sold herself as a
victim and as a humble woman with no
education or job at 23 years old María
José Campanario already had a career as a
nurse and even higher education it's
not necessary to be rich to have
education but people for this reason and
because of the way they sold the beginning of their relationship
it seemed that they judged
María José Campanario in a negative way as if
in some way she had also
approached Jesulín to take advantage of
him something that over the years
has proven not to be the case however during
these couple of decades I would dare to
say that some programs today have
still been treating her
like the villain of the movie either  I'm
going to say that she is a being of light and that she does
n't have her mistakes like the
rest of us have been able to have but I think that they have
gone a bit too far with her the real version
is that María José Campanario and Jesulín
met in a cafeteria when
some friends they had in common
introduced them and apparently Jesulín from
the first moment he saw her fell in love with
the nurse she so worked at
the hospital but she was not the typical
nurse that we all know who is in
charge of attending to the patients,
visiting them, lending a hand,
helping the doctors she was a
forensic nurse, meaning she performed autopsies and
yes it's true, will you allow me a
black joke that Jesulín in this
accident was close to seeing Saint
Peter's but this fact that she was the
girl who performed the autopsies
completely denies the story that they were
inventing I met her at a
restaurant and she came with a friend
who was the
son of the restaurant and she
came accompanying her then later there
in the bar from here to there I was
with my parents and she invited them to
come to the field and it was a  while and at
one point I saw her a little
more distracted notary and I told her to
stand out you will never forget and
although from the beginning that seemed
clear to her and she wanted to have something more
than her she seemed not to go for it and
that she was not very clear about it also a
little why not say it given the
reputation he had with women
Jesulín was holding on for quite some
time and went to visit him in the hospital
like any other friend and the curious thing
about this is that Jesulín meanwhile
rejected visits from some friends he
had who wanted to go see him because
he preferred to spend more time with several
jose as usually happens at the moment that
the relationship between Jesulín and
María José Campanario became known in the
gossip magazines opportunists began to come out who
said they were ex-partners
of María Auset some of whom really
probably were also it
came to light that María José was
supposedly according to the media had had
other partners some of whom were
well-known athletes politicians
businessmen and this helped the
people who had her to attack her more
as if pointing out the theory that she
was looking for  someone powerful on
july 27th 2002 the couple got married in
a private ceremony with little access to
the press a simple thing and few
famous guests it was something quite
familiar they got married here in seville but
in sanlúcar the biggest one is a town that
the truth is quite remote some
of the few attendees described the
wedding as too simple and not very
elegant because the sweat and the heat almost
in seville that day made people unable to
stand the suits and there were not the
entities that were expected at a wedding
of someone so so so famous and so
millionaire especially at that time
when people were used to that
when someone from royalty got married
someone so millionaire or someone so
famous the weddings were the weddings of the
year with thousands and thousands of guests who
rented a cathedral and little else that
was hidden in the grounds of the
seville fair to celebrate it there was one thing
at that time that jesulín de
ubrique does not agree with to this day he
changed his mind and that is that the
moment he married her he made
maría josé campanario stop  practice
his profession and that he will stop working
basically the exact words of the
bullfighter Maria Jose is not going to work I have not
killed a thousand bullfights for my
wife to get up at eight in the morning I
get home at two in the afternoon and
another woman has to feed me my
wife feeds me my wife runs her
house my wife takes care of the kids takes
care of me and after that she can do what she
wants but within a logical Jesulín
de Ubrique 2002 obviously Jesulín de
Ubrique has made reference to this
comment that he made at that time and
not only has he retracted these
words but he has apologized
because the truth is that the way of saying it
today is quite cancelable and it is
true that if he said it in another
way there would be nothing wrong with it hey
if you earn a lot of money or you are a
millionaire and you can take your wife off
work and the two of you can live
happily at home and without having to get up early
and live a good life and make
the most of the time with the children there is
nothing wrong with being the millionaire he is
her millionaire but of course in this
way that it is said because he was a little
sexist, not this type of attitude of
Jesulín is something that has changed over
the years with the help of
María José Campanario who even
studied dentistry and today
practices her profession in addition to
Jesulín publicly apologized for that
comment shortly after getting married
they decided to have a daughter whom they
would call Julia and they started a family
by the way I have to recommend a video
because at the time that Julia Janeiro
the first daughter of this marriage
turned 18 last year on Sálvame they
were harassing her brutally
for my taste it's an excessive thing, one
thing that a girl comes of
age and is the daughter of who in the
daughter and another thing is that they make her treat her the
way they treated him I have
literally been watching all the
programs that they have done to the
girl and the girl as it seems
until today that it is not known if it
will change later but until
today for six months that  she
came of age the girl keeps
repeating that she doesn't want to
work in the media or anything
like that, she has her Instagram and hunt
an Instagram campaign but she doesn't
want to work in the media so what
happens because it's legal the legality of
a public figure has their networks in
public in the daughter of those who are
chasing her down the street without any
kind of respect you know I am I do
heart I also gossip I call salt she had
surgery a few lines no I mean there is
nothing that's it well they respect her because she is
the daughter of Belén Esteban the daughter of the
same father but since she is the daughter of
Belén Esteban one of the
star collaborators of Telecinco it is this one if they
respect her the truth is that this marriage
during all the time that they have been together
some other exclusive yes they have
sold I imagine people when
you sell an exclusive they already have
enough for the rest besides I tell you they
are people who have a lot of money who
have companies and who have many
things for which they do not need to be
on television all day Jesulín  Yes, she
lends herself to television programs.
Recently, she was on one on
Antena 3, which
is not a gossip show or a salt seo show or anything like that,
they are
good-natured, fun programs, white programs and the truth is that she is
still a person quite
loved by the public. The thing is
that there are some exclusives selling
their private information and what they have done, we are not
going to deny it when they have had their
children, baptisms are things that I do not
like, they have already commented on it many
times but they are things that at the time there was
no awareness of the danger
that they could have. I consider
that minors, unless they are
artists or their vocation is, I know that they
are actors, singers or something like that, from a
young age, the more
confidential we have them, the better. But don't
worry because if they didn't
take charge of selling their private information,
Belén Esteban was already there for that and Belén Esteban
at that time
made headlines in magazines like, for
example, comparing María José's body
and mine, like comparing champagne and
kalimotxo, I am the champagne Maria Jose
ha  wanted to take my place jesus is not
happy because of all these headlines
it was common to see them every week
even in some weeks on several
occasions from the mouth of belen esteban
sometimes interviews and other times
on television programs I would love to
emphasize this because
today you see Antonio David as
if he had made very
strong statements against fidel that hear some that the
best he has done but at this level it is
not what you imagined it is a documentary
really a documentary jesulín telling
the truth to stay alive he would leave in
diapers rice and cough because this one would have to say
and this one has been silent for
20 years but really not
like the other this one has not gone through
directors through journalists
friends of this one up to 20 years silent
but really the little that
jesulín de ubrique has said has been that when the
daughter was of legal age he would give her some
explanations of why the
estrangement for so long the
attacks against her were also seen on
television where he did not stop comparing himself
and putting jesulín's new partner
as second course in a
desperate attempt  to get attention and
stay in the spotlight belen
esteban also walked around the
sets every time she had a new
partner as could be the case of césar
alonso óscar lozano danny dj
in the life of belen esteban my goodness
then very strong rumors began to emerge
about the possible addition of belen
esteban to some drugs as it could be
something that apparently she suffered for almost a
decade and although at first she
denied it trying to justify her
physical change with the stress she had because of
jesulín and the diabetes she suffered from
then she did end up admitting the whole
story and has even been hospitalized she has
been with help until she
managed to get out of thief as far as I know I
think that today she is totally
disconnected from that world and yes she has
recognized that she went through a terrible time I think she
even has books talking
about this subject and that she would get up in the
morning and the first thing she would do was
put a net the truth is that between
2001 and 2009 she did have a
very hardcore and very extreme physical change and
surely  Yes, he must have had a really bad time
with the addictions. My personal
opinion is that it got out of
hand for him to earn so many, so many, so many
millions and maybe he didn't
have the right people by his side.
The truth is, I don't know if he did it before
either and it got out of hand because he
no longer had any financial limits, but
honestly, we have to applaud him for
managing to get out of there because the truth is that being in
it for so many years makes it very
difficult to get out of there. Belen Esteban is right about
that. Maria Patiño is a
sick person and she is sick.
Belen Esteban has to go
somewhere, she has to detoxify and she has to
go in for a long time. She's in a
bad place, she's been entering a
dynamic that I hope none of us ever
see ourselves in. Well, the physical change is
undeniable. The truth is that she went from being
a very beautiful girl in her youth and who
was super good to doing what you've
seen on screen. Yes, it's true that she
was sick and she managed to get out, but on
some occasions in between she started to have
cosmetic surgery to get back to
how she was before.  but then
my nose would get ruined again it's mine then as it's mine
I have like messages from
potorro himself although there are some that are so
extremely ugly that no surgeon
lasker operates returning to the subject of
jesulín while belén esteban is
suffering this extreme
and ugly physical change at the same time she was becoming
something that the press and television
called a television monster
when we talk about a monster it's not because
of appearance but because it's capable
of giving a lot of juice like it's a
machine creating content and raising the
audience rating
something from other media
or rather now your hands make you
pretty but when I talk about your hands they
smell like [ __ ] if you allow me an
assessment regarding these clicks that we
just saw this is just a
brushstroke unrelated to the clicks that we just
saw just a brushstroke I've seen her
say worse things but I can't
put them on youtube but honestly
people like vulgarity and I don't know what
type of audience and what type of people
consume so much television and the
internet that when I see those on youtube I
see those  influencers of some
television characters that make them so
popular, I often think that it's because
the majority of the world is like that or they
enjoy it, they like these things, I
really like salsa and I
really like spicy food but I think this is
vulgarity, let's applaud this, I find it
tremendously horrible, Belén Esteban
began climbing on Antenna 3 while she
was criticizing her ex Jesulín de
Ubrique, the father of her daughter, not
caring that he was the father of her daughter,
in fact she used it as an argument
to have more and more and more programs, the
fact of who the father was and she also
treated
Jesulín's wife in a
very contemptuous way, always making
comparisons and making comments that
were quite appropriate, notice how
curious things are and you know that she is
one of the characters that today
makes me most ashamed, but the only one who
had a couple to stop her a little
and tell them to come down from their clouds
at that time was María Patiño, yes,
how true that later on throughout
history, so  There have been more people who
have told you your place, like
Mercedes Mila, but at that time, one of
the few people who dared to
stop her and tell her where her
place was was Maria Patiño.
[Applause] You
have to be a little more humble than
you. You're sitting here thanks to Jesulín, I
understand, because they support the daughter, on the
contrary, and you have to be more humble. You're like, like, the
kind of
star from Mediona, on the air. I've
sold my mother out of shame, out of flattery, that
seeing doesn't forgive, no, she hasn't been a mother, yes, she has been
very much in love with the father of
her daughter, with
the things in life, Maria Patiño,
today, the turncoat and such a liar,
not a week goes by without her saying
something on television, and let's get
the proof that she's lying, for example, she
made up the story of the posters of abuse by
Antonio David, that he started telling
everyone in his face that Antonia would see that he had
put it up himself and that there was a
video camera where he was recording it, she
made up that Rocío  She swore one of the
last people she spoke to before she
died was herself and she asked her
please not to mess with Antonio
David so that Antonia Vino would mess
with her daughter and dismantle him. Recently, he was
also worth more. Today, she is
a little jacket. Maria Patiño today
is a person who sells her opinion and
changes it depending on the production company she
works for and what her boss is in charge of. Well,
look how things are. Maria
Patiño during one time was very close to
Jesulín de Ubrique it seems that
today she hates him but in her day she was
very close and defended him a lot. In fact,
at one point there were rumors that there
was something between the two of them. Then in 2004,
Belén Esteban would arrive at Telecinco and she would be here
to stay. Yes, it is true
that apart from Telecinco, she has done
other things in other places. Well,
her main channel is Telecinco
undoubtedly and she would go on to several
programs such as Día a Día Ana Rosa and
from there she would continue attacking  Jesulín and
climbing in popularity meanwhile
Jesulín still hasn't responded and
has never thought about suing the
princess of the people well neither have
these more daring ones
surely on some occasion they will
inflate themselves and what they have to inflate themselves
and at some point it has surely crossed his
mind in
fact Jesulín does not hold back with lawsuits
when he sees that they are going too
far and has the weight to sue
I think he has never sued because
entering into judicial issues would already be
very ugly note that tomorrow your
daughter sees that her father and mother have been
with those rolls in trials I
think that in the end he has also looked out
for his daughter in that aspect notice
that she is the one who takes the most blows of
the best mother in the world but in that
sense he does look out for his daughter because
surely his pulse did not tremble and he
would not have had any qualms about suing her
and surely some other
would have won like rice in 2006
María José Campanario Jesulín's wife  She was
going through one of the most bitter moments
of her life and was arrested in the middle of an
operation called Operation Karlos,
in which
an organization was being investigated. It
seems that some
public officials, such as the police, were falsifying
medical reports with the intention of
obtaining pensions and allowances.
According to the investigation, María José
Campanario had been a client
representing her mother and had
gone to these people to get her
mother a pension. A
media trial in which she was sentenced in
2011 to one year and 11 months in prison.
Despite taking her to the
Supreme Court, the court upheld the sentence for
her and her mother for attempted
fraud and forgery of documents.
Of course, despite this, she did not go
to prison. Here in Spain, to go to
prison, you
normally have to be sentenced to something much more. But
here she really made the biggest mistake of
her life. I would say that is what they said
and what they alleged is that they went to
this person on behalf of someone
recommended and that what she wanted and
considered that her mother deserved that
pension.  pay that when they realized
that there was something strange in this
organization of people they asked for a
refund and to get out of there but as I
tell you in the end the judge even in the
supreme court decided that yes
they were aware that
things were being done illegally here and they
condemned them with everything and with this
Jesulín de Ubrique's relationship with
several José Campanario has resisted all
this and many bad moments and to
this day they are still together happily and with three
children Belén Esteban continued to climb the ladder in
Mediaset and of course at no
time stopped attacking them by 2009 she was
the highest paid collaborator on
Telecinco according to some media she could have been
earning more or less 1.2
million euros a year I think that it
could surely be on some
occasions more counting Sálvame de Luxe and
special things Casiano
advertising campaign we are talking only about
her work as a collaborator on some
occasions she is not a collaborator she is
interviewed and does
advertising promotions and has done other
jobs outside of 35 I even think that she
has some companies apart from
the potato and that according to
media outlet is daily in 2018 it is estimated
and valued that belén esteban
today could manage a net worth of around
15 million euros after several
years she reached the top thanks to attacking
jesulín insinuating every chance she got
that he was a bad father but already at
the top having a name of her own by
which right now belén esteban is more
famous than jesulín and it is literally like
that she is more famous and known all over the
world she is known on the internet for
memes she has won several reality shows she has
brands of chips that forgive me for
repeating it so much but that makes me laugh
literally she does not need it
at all jesulín but despite this
in 22 years that have passed she still has not
let go of his arm you had a
romantic relationship with belén esteban for
three and a half months while she was
jesulín's girlfriend de ubrique she is encouraged to
get to some information I am going to give the
initials of point of something that they watch
over the back room of that
stock exchange store that at the moment had a
very close relationship had
already  fought with
what you want to tell like the
command phone to everyone and you have what you
have to have do the
old Elche polygraph that we have seen in the
images that is not the same polygraph as
now it is not the same polygraph examiner the
Elche polygraph almost always refutes
all the current Telecinco things already
in its day last year I used images
of that polygraph here we will be
putting some screenshots of
occasions and there are some videos here on
YouTube in case you want to look for it in
which I have used this old polygraph
to refute even the
current polygraph I would like to know which
polygraph is the one that tells the truth well you
know that I'm joking that I do not believe in
this the polygraph if the polygraph
were true then the police would already use it
for many other serious things and
not for everyday things of famous people
but really if it were true that Belén Esteban had
been unfaithful to one of her partners on some occasion it would already
be the bomb with all the  face or with
the horns that he has put on Jesulin
look at this article in Semana magazine
that is against me or not what Belén Esteban
thinks about the intimate life of Jesulin
de Ubrique María José Campanario I don't believe it I
think it's great that it's a
good marriage but man on more than
one occasion Belén Esteban has given her opinion
on Jesulin's life and relationship
with María Auset imagine the
same thing but changing the names and that
they watch out for a man it must be recognized
that in recent years although she hasn't
stopped she hasn't stopped abruptly she hasn't
stopped completely she has lowered
the level of criticism a little or at least
the way she refers to her
daughter's father and it seems that
Andreíta herself as she
affectionately calls her would have asked her to please
lower the level with her father since
she even as far as I understand she
has a good relationship with her sister
Julia in 22 years a pregnant Barbie I
[ __ ] in the milk you make me feel sorry for you but you
're already paying for it I ask how much it
satisfies me that I'm going  to his daughter since he is
very cool or that he was elected to be kings
last Christmas by the way
instead of the year we never closed them I
understand that he has to look good I
understand that with his two children there is the
best father in the world and I do not discuss it
but I think three strong some
people have that there are fathers who want to be
fathers when there are other fathers who do not
have to be fathers of one thing when I
was wrong yes they were wrong but what I
never did was leave my family
aside I was always with them in the
last year the attacks of Belén Esteban
and Jesulín have been based on saying that
Jesulín pays much more
attention and is more spoiled to Julia and
that he gives her many more gifts than
Andrea well a few minutes ago I
recommended that you watch a video on my
main channel where I talked about when
Julia de Janeiro turned 18 and in
Salvame with their selective feminism they
took advantage of the opportunity that the
girl would turn 18 to
chase her everywhere and make fun of
her but a moment to highlight and that
surely you all know and that you will all
remember is that  Julia Janeiro at her
peak and rise to fame
took an incredible hit on Carlota
Corredera that suited her like a glove at
that time. You use feminism whenever
you want. Let's meet and I'll explain
what feminism is because maybe you don't, maybe you do
n't know. As far as I know, on this
show we haven't used
feminism selectively, which is
something that some women also tend to say about us.
If they don't use feminism with others, it's
because you have the microphone on Sálvame
open to say whatever you
want. You use feminism whenever you
want. I don't know what concept that
same party has. We have used it because as far as
I know, we haven't said
anything sexist to her. How
cheeky she is when she's Corredera. It's
normal that time has put her in her
place. She belongs on the screens. Julia
Janeiro has experienced
media persecution and harassment
from the television companies since the
moment she turned 18,
which has no name. That's not done to
any little girl. It's true.
Belén Esteban sometimes jumps to her
defense and doesn't usually go against
her strongly but she does use her in
some way or take advantage of the fact that she knows her
name to throw a dart at Jesulín
and highlight that the father loves them
differently. I
swear to God I'm not against
Julian but man, quiet for a moment, one
had gauze for her studies in which not to
pay for it
and then while other new three children I
tell you that he cuts it so they
go home to see their god but it
's also logical that you
make a flat for a daughter it's also another that is
another no 'currently Julia Janeiro Jules
as she is known on the networks
is in the middle of a scandal
after reporting her ex-boyfriend Brian
Mejia who according to her mistreated her in
a nightclub after she
tried to prevent him from hitting
her new boyfriend Alex Balboa Belén Esteban
the truth is that in this controversy she has
remained on the sidelines and has not wanted to
comment with the one with whom she has had the
odd clash and they have been
for seeing on some occasions in
court it has been with maria jose
campanario and the thing is that no matter how much
mariano has tried to go about doing the
matri and dodging the darts in some cases
people jump and he has no choice
but to make some comment or
go [ __ ] look i'm not going to
insult you but are you going to call my truth
one thing that seems to bother him a
lot is that they compare his story
with that of antonio david ross son it makes me laugh a
lot because why
with this fail laugh when she says that it
bothers her that they compare her story with that
of rociíto they believe that when they
are comparing her they put her in
rociíto's place with all her hair by the
way I want to say that I am not rocio
carrasco she has her story I have
mine which is completely different my
story has been known by everyone for
20 years maybe I should have kept
quiet but I really do not
want to continue with the subject belén esteban
your story cannot be compared with that
of antonia vi rosito  putting yourself in
rociíto's place when comparing
stories you would be antonio de
abidín you would be the one on tv
for having been the partner what happens
is that if you make a docu it would be to
leave antonella well diapers luckily they have
n't done it to you and I think they are not
going to do it to you on tv because you are one
of the pillars of mediaset or at
least that is what they believe or what they have
believed for many years but
antonio de abbey has not said even 10%
rice for all the dishes that he has
walked around nor 10% of the things that you have
done and said you are not even a joke that
by the way about jesulín de ubrique well
both jesulín and maria jose when they have
seen fit and have sued
both telecinco and las fábricas de
la tele in fact in the last sentence they
got half they got a
sentence of 180 thousand euros and
the amount
seems  being that it is going up because they are
taking into account the
previous lawsuits that they are winning in fact
when they try to compare her case with that of
Rocío she paints Jesulín as a
good father who does pay his
daughter's support and boasts that
Jesulín and she have never been sued, see if there
was no lawsuit it was because he
wanted to get us into that mess but
regarding Jesulín's paternity
what do we agree on depending on how you feel or
according to sales or not exclusive sales of course I have
done things wrong also done
many things right do not compare me my
case has nothing to do with other
cases enough is enough from the first day
to his daughter of two hundred euros neither
me nor Jesús have had
problems with the children for things you have never
heard in that click I
am not making it up I belén esteban just
said that from day one Jesulín
gives his daughter what she owes her
everything is revealed for 22 years you have
been defaming lying as we
call it the only response that
Jesulín has had if you can
call it  The answer throughout all these
years to the things that Belén Esteban has been doing and
undoing has simply
been to say on several occasions that
time puts everything in its place and
Jesulín has never spoken out except for
one phrase that he always says because
Jesulín de Ubrique has never sued and this
man always asks me the
same things that
time puts things in the place that
time has given them so far it is
about being a multimillionaire and that having
had the girl with you has solved her
life and those who have come
after him even people who have been with
her her friends her family
but well I imagine that in
Jesulín's head he consoles himself from time to
time thinking that if that makes his
daughter a millionaire in some way or gives his daughter a good life
well look according to some rumors
Jesulín would indeed be considering
breaking his silence soon
Diego Arrabal spoke about this recently and I
believe it and it is that he would be considering
recording a docuseries not on television
the proposal would come by  some
digital platform, be it Netflix or
any of those, and according to
Diego Arrabal's exact words, the
million-dollar offer they've made her has
so much zero that it's impossible to
refuse when they talk about so much zero. Let's
see, I understand that impossible to
refuse for Jesulín is not the same as
impossible to reject for Antonio Davis.
When we talk about Jesulín, I understand
that impossible to
reject, we would have to be talking about ten million euros or something like that. The point is that he would be seriously considering breaking his silence and this wouldn't keep the girl from Paracuellos very calm. You'll begin to feel the fear that you can feel in what Antonio Davis has felt
in his own flesh. Look, honey, don't
do it in August when I'm on
vacation. Personally, I believe that
Belén Esteban's reaction is not that
of a person who is completely
calm. If you don't have anything else
to say about yourself and everything
that you've always said is true, he
says that it's eloquent. If I have spoken, let
him speak too. Antonio David's reaction
regarding which side it would be was to
ask, well, it was a reaction that  In
my opinion, it didn't seem good either and it was
asking how much he charged for this, it's
a question that is irrelevant you know
or at least at that moment it is the
first thing that comes to mind as to what he
charges, but with Belén Esteban, I see her
as a nervous person, as if
wanting to make him take it as a joke although
in reality she is not taking it as a
joke because she seems angry, I
don't know what you think, that he
talks so much about his daughter, that he
lives for his girls, that he takes care of herself because he
has a child that has to be taken out between
all of us because we are responsible
for the part of us of us and that you
cannot draw the girl, but
what about my 5 daughter, do you believe your background, what
opinion do I care about? I don't care at all, there is no one
in the world who has used
their son in such an obscene way, like exploiting his
life since he began with the passage of
years that he has and continues living from the
story scheme of his own character, I get
the impression that she wants to maintain
a standard of living without him, she
maintains nothing with a television salary
but that television demands that her
own life be her claim with Jesulín  She
speaks very little on the phone or via
WhatsApp, and strictly when it's
something important about her daughter, although
now that Andrea is of legal age there are
few reasons for them to have to
talk. Otherwise, they have little relationship
with her ex, a cordial relationship at the
moment and obviously for obvious
reasons it's because he loves us. Now
we are in 2022, the internet has been created,
social networks, we are already in the
thirteenth generation of iPhones and the
rumors about the end of Sálvame are getting
stronger and stronger and we will have flying cars
and we will achieve immortality and Belén
Esteban is going to remain stagnant.
I take the liberty of pointing out some
things while we were recording
this documentary docus series, whatever you want to
call it, I call it a docuseries because it has
had two parts and I wanted to make
some notes for you to
answer me and in comparison to what it was like
last year with the Arrocito
and Antonio David issue and how they have dealt with it,
how are they dealing with this issue that they are not
even considering offering her
a serious docuseries, Jesulín, or making a
documentary against Belén Esteban,
from my point of view  from view it is more than
evident that belén esteban has
taken advantage of the situation much more,
antonio has become much more of a millionaire, to
me he probably has a lot of money but I
think he is not a millionaire and that he does not even
come close to reaching the economic level of belén
esteban and honestly it is going to sound ugly and they
can cancel me but I think it was
because she is a woman I think the reason is
because she is a woman the things that
antonio david has done for money I don't know if they are
worse than what belén esteban has done
the accusations that
antonio david has made to rocio carrasco as well as
fidel I think are not as strong as what
belén esteban has made not only
to jesulín but to his entire family I
think that some from my point of view
could be slanderous the insults and
the way of messing not only with
her ex's marriage but with the
intimate life of both I think that antonio dhabi
at no time has messed
with fidel and yes he speaks badly of fidel on
some occasions but I think he is not even
close  level neither similar nor
comparable to the way he has had of
getting into not only Maria Jose
but with the intimacy of Maria Jose and
Jesulin Antonio had had worse and
better ways on television but I
think that the way that Belen
Esteban has had we could qualify it much
worse than vulgar they have not been a
way that really words expressions
and ways of acting that are shameful
to see them on television it comes the same
even in the time that they are Jesulin de
Ubrique yes he has been silent for 22 years
but really and with respect to
using his children for covers for
magazines to throw [ __ ] at others
things that have been commented a lot about
Antonio Lavin or in this report you
will have seen the comparison if they
have one and nothing family watch this
documentary these two videos that I have made
are dedicated to informing you of the
story of Belen Esteban and Jesulin
I will surely go on and in the future I will
do more parts of episodes
that will be curious to get into
100 but really it was that worth the
video it is not for  compare it with the other one
as it would be or anything like that although we
can compare it okay in fact I will
be looking forward to reading your
comments I will be looking forward to reading
your opinion and for anything you
know subscribe to the channel and don't
miss absolutely anything
thank you very much to all of you who have come this far you
know that you can
subscribe that it is absolutely free you
can give the video an ay that is
absolutely free and share it with
your friends by whatsapp by
facebook everywhere and if you want to
support the channel you can put a
super thanks a hug and until the
next video
[Music]